update E2E test document (#3175)
microsoft/react-native-windows: vnext/docs/E2ETest.md

# Run E2E test

- Make sure you have installed [dependencies](./GettingStarted.md#dependencies)

## Procedures to setup and run E2E test

1. Install React Native command line interface using NPM:
```
npm install -g react-native-cli
```

2. Download and install WinAppDriver [WinAppDriver v1.1](https://github.com/microsoft/WinAppDriver/releases/download/v1.1/WindowsApplicationDriver.msi)

3. Install node packages, build JS

- C:\repo>`cd react-native-windows`
- C:\repo\react-native-windows>`yarn install`
- C:\repo\react-native-windows>`yarn build`

4. Run the bundle server

- C:\repo\react-native-windows>`cd packages\E2ETest`
- C:\repo\react-native-windows\packages\E2ETest>`yarn run start`
- wait until you see 'Loading dependency graph, done.'

5. Ensure debugger is running

Open Chrome and navigate to `http://localhost:8081/debugger-ui/` in a new tab. Press `F12` or `Ctrl+Shift+I` in Chrome to open its Developer Tools.

> 6. Open a new CLI, build native app, deploy and launch e2e testing

Reviewer: You might want to say, open a new command prompt, not a new CLI, since we refer to the toolset as the CLI.

Author: ```suggestion
6. Open a new command prompt, build native app, deploy and launch e2e testing
```
